Optimize tidbmonitor readme document. (#4205)
pingcap/tidb-operator: README.md

- __Automatically monitoring TiDB cluster at creating__

>     Automatically deploy Prometheus, Grafana for TiDB cluster monitoring, support the following features:
>      
>     - Monitoring multiple clusters across multiple namespaces.
>     - Multiple replicas.
>     - Targets sharding.
>     - Configuration and rules dynamic update.
>     - Thanos framework integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Automatically deploy Prometheus, Grafana for TiDB cluster monitoring, support the following features:
     
    - Monitoring multiple clusters across multiple namespaces.
    - Multiple replicas.
    - Targets sharding.
    - Updating configurations and rules dynamically.
    - Thanos framework integration.
```
